# hair-transplant

My hair started to fall out of the hill area 10 years ago. At first I didn't care much, but as time went on, my hair continued to fall out and it started to bother me. I've been thinking about hair transplantation for the last 2 years. I began to do research on the internet , do research in Turkey also and learned that the doctors are very successful in hair transplantation. These researches led me to Realself and examined ISHRS member doctors in particular. When I searched the doctors and their before and afters, I found very close results to my own problem. When I contacted Ozge Ergun clinic, their approach to me was very professional and they answered all my questions. I felt the priority wasn't money. So I have made my decision.

The customer service was great from a to z; I was picked up at the airport, taken to my hotel. Next day their driver Abbas picked me up at the hotel to the clinic. When I came to the clinic, <a href="https://ozgeergun.com.tr/en/ozge-ergun-md/">Dr. Ozge Ergun</a> took me to the consultation room and greeted me very kindly. He examined my hair follicles and told me that my hair follicles look strong, as we have foreseen in previous interviews, that he can plant 4500 grafts. He then drew the field to be planted and showed me some similar results from previous patients. He made me feel that I shouldn't have worried before the operation and we said goodbye to meet him at the hospital.

We went to the hospital with Fernanda who was very interested in this process and helped me from the beginning. After a 15-minute journey, we reached the hospital. They greeted me very well here. First, they took me to a room to take my blood, and they dressed me for the operation. After a short wait for a blood test, they took me to another room and cut my hair. The nurses took me to the operation room. First, I lay down on my stomach and they gave me local anesthesia for he back of my head. This stage was very painless. After the root intake was over, we had a short lunch break. Later, they kept me in a sitting position on my back to open the channels and applied local anesthesia for the area. Dr. Ozge came in and opened the channels for the transplant. In the meantime, I was able to take care of my phone.

After, transplant of the grafts has begun. Since three people working at the same time, everything went fast. Fernanda was there to picked me up and took me back to the clinic. Here, Dr. Ozge gave me a post-op, handed me my medicines, shampoo and other tools and told me how to apply them, and shared the documents with the relevant instruction. The driver then took me to my hotel.

My first night, I put ice compresses every hour for 10min or so until I slept . The next day, driver took me to the clinic for the washing. The nurses washed my head and gave me instructions on how to wash my head and hoe to use the shampoo and the lotion. They placed a headband and gave me a special head to protect my head against sun. After leaving the clinic, I had a pleasant day outside, enjoying the beautiful city. Yesterday was a dry day they said, so I didn’t wash my hair. Now I’m back home. Later I will keep you updated with the photos again.

More : <a href= "https://ozgeergun.com.tr/en/hair-transplant-turkey/"> Hair transplant Turkey </a>
